gh-150319: Replace all documentation which says "See PEP 585" (#150325)
python/cpython: Doc/library/contextvars.rst

   references to context variables which prevents context variables
   from being properly garbage collected.

>    Context Variables are :ref:`generic <generics>` over the type of their value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Context Variables are :ref:`generic <generics>` over the type of
   their contained variable.
```

Author: Is "contained variable" best? I would prefer "contained value", since that matches doc for `get()` and `set()`, both of which refer to a "value".

**Update**: I applied a change to make this "contained value"; let me know if it should change further.

Reviewer: SGTM! Thanks!

   references to context variables which prevents context variables
   from being properly garbage collected.

>    Context Variables are :ref:`generic <generics>` over the type of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Context variables are :ref:`generic <generics>` over the type of
```

Author: That would be inconsistent with the rest of this module's doc.

I wouldn't mind doing a separate PR to change this for the whole page, but I don't want to be responsible for introducing local inconsistency.

Reviewer 2: There is a sentence just above saying "references to context variables". I don't think we should have "Context Variables". So I don't think we need to introduce inconsistent changes in new content. You can always make the change afterwards.

Author: I find this difficult. You're right that some of the text says `context variables` (lowercase). A lot of it also says `Context Variables` (title-case).

It's almost an even split. `Context Variables` is used 7 times. `context variables` 5 times. `Context variables` (at the start of a sentence), 1 time.
I count that as 7:6.

Here's an example that is a total headscratcher for me:
> Context Variables should be created at the top module level and never in closures. [Context](https://docs.python.org/3/library/contextvars.html#contextvars.Context) objects hold strong references to context variables which prevents context variables from being properly garbage collected.

How about dodging the problem by making it this?
```
:class:`!ContextVar`\s are ...
```

Reviewer 2: Good for me :) We can clean this page up in a follow-up PR.
